docs: improve Branches and Commits Methodology (#7706)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/branches-commits.md

## Multiple files per branch

Renovate can, and should, update multiple files in the same branch/PR.

> e.g. Renovate can update the `package.json` and the corresponding `yarn.lock` file in one go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. Renovate can update the `package.json` and the corresponding `yarn.lock` file in the same commit.
```

> The bot can also update multiple `package.json` files in a monorepo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot can also update multiple package files at once in a monorepo, including from different package managers.
```

## One commit per branch

> To keep things neat: aim to use one commit per branch, even when multiple files need updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep things neat: Renovate always makes one commit per branch, even when multiple files need updating.
```

This way we can use the following logic:

> - If there's one commit in the branch, the branch is clean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the last commit in a branch was using Renovate's identity, we assume it to be clean.
```

> - If there is more than one commit in the branch, then the branch has been edited by users and we stop updating the branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the last commit in a branch is by an identity other than Renovate's, the branch is assumed to have been edited by users and Renovate will not push to it any longer.
```

## Updating branches

If files in an already-existing branch need updating (e.g. an even newer version has been released), then we still want to have only one commit.

> Do this by force pushing the necessary changes to the existing branch with `git`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate achieves this by force pushing the necessary changes to the existing branch with `git`.
```
